README updated to add certmanager installation step (#133)
operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples: go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator/README.md

## Overview

> This Memcached operator is a simple example operator using the [Operator SDK][operator_sdk] CLI tool and controller-runtime library API, using validation webhooks.

Reviewer: Since webhooks are a typical part of an operator, you don't need to explicitly say that it uses them.
```suggestion
This Memcached operator is a simple example operator using the [Operator SDK][operator_sdk] CLI tool and controller-runtime library API.
```

```
$ go mod tidy
```
***NOTE*** As this example showcases validation webhook creation, please follow [this][certmanager] guide to install cert-mamager into cluster prior to deployment.

### Building the operator

Build the Memcached operator image and push it to a public registry, such as quay.io:

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

$ export IMG=quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
$ make docker-build docker-push IMG=$IMG
```

**NOTE** The `quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1` is an example. You should build and push the image for your repository.

> ### Deploying your operator and creating CR instance.
> ```shell
> 
> $ make install
> $ make deploy IMG=$IMG
> ```

Reviewer 2: Acctually should be : 
```suggestion

### Creating a CR instance

Install the CRDs into the cluster:

```shell
make install
```

### Deploying your operator 

Deploy the Memcached Operator to the cluster with image specified by IMG:

```shell
$ make deploy IMG=$IMG
```

```

> ### Deploying your operator and creating CR instance.
> ```shell
> 
> $ make install
> $ make deploy IMG=$IMG
> ```
> ### Create memcached-sample instances.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Deploying your operator and creating a CR instance

```shell
$ make install
$ make deploy IMG=$IMG
```

### Creating memcached-sample instances

````

```
$ go mod tidy
```
***NOTE*** As this example showcases validation webhook creation, please follow [this][certmanager] guide to install cert-mamager into cluster prior to deployment.

### Building the operator

Build the Memcached operator image and push it to a public registry, such as quay.io:

```shell
$ export IMG=quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
$ make docker-build docker-push IMG=$IMG
```

**NOTE** The `quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1` is an example. You should build and push the image for your repository.

### Instaling Operator API

Install the CRDs into the cluster:

```shell

> make install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ make install
```

```

> $ make install

Reviewer 2: It should not be part of the section building and should be performed after before the deploy. 
Note that make install and will install the CRD's in the cluster. Here we should use the make manifests instead.

$ export IMG=quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
$ make docker-build IMG=$IMG

> $ docker push IMG=$IMG

Reviewer 2: it can be in the same line

Reviewer 2: Ps, the command above is wrong.

```

**NOTE** The `quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1` is an example. You should build and push the image for your repository.

> As this example showcases validation webhook creation, please follow [this][certmanager] guide to install cert-mamager into cluster prior to deployment.

Reviewer 2: This note is specific to explain that `exemple-inc` is the registry and relevant to the build steps. 
The `certmanager ` is aa requirement step and should be done before. Could you please add a pre-requirement step/section with this info before the install/build/push?

Please verify expected result.

```shell

> $ make deploy IMG=$IMG

Reviewer 2: make deploy is the command that do the deploy and in this way, IMO should be inside of the section that is missing here `Deploying your project in the Cluster`. After performing, the deploy than we can check the results.

replicaset.apps/memcached-operator-controller-manager-864f7c75d4   1         1         1       118s
```

> 

Reviewer 2: For we see the 3 pods we need to apply the CR ` kubectl apply -f config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml -n memcached-operator-system`

Reviewer 2: This step is missing as well.

Author: This step, I have made part of MAKEFILE

Reviewer 2: solved

replicaset.apps/memcached-operator-controller-manager-864f7c75d4   1         1         1       118s
```

> ### Verify Webhooks
> ```
> $ kubectl patch memcached memcached-sample -p '{"spec":{"size": 4}}' --type=merge -n memcached-operator-system
> ```
> Above command to increase the pod size to even number should throw error as shown below, as the validation webhook does not allow even number pods.
> 
> ```
> Error from server (Cluster size must be an odd number): admission webhook "vmemcached.kb.io" denied the request: Cluster size must be an odd number
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Verifying the validating webhook

The following command attempts to increase the CR's `spec.size` to an even number. It should throw an error, like that shown below, as the validating webhook does not allow an even `spec.size`.

```console
$ kubectl patch memcached memcached-sample -p '{"spec":{"size": 4}}' --type=merge -n memcached-operator-system
Error from server (Cluster size must be an odd number): admission webhook "vmemcached.kb.io" denied the request: Cluster size must be an odd number
```
````

replicaset.apps/memcached-operator-controller-manager-864f7c75d4   1         1         1       118s
```

### Verifying the validating webhook

> The following command attempts to increase the CR's `spec.size` to an even number. It should throw an error, like that shown below, as the validating webhook does not allow an even `spec.size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command attempts to increase the CR's `spec.size` to an even number. It should throw an error like that shown below, as the validating webhook does not allow an even `spec.size`.
```

Author: @estroz Is it ok if I address these nits in another PR? Due to the revert that happened in earlier commit for `ansible/Memcahced` folders, my Mac is not allowing me to move forward with any kind of rebases or commits. I am concerned that this feature branch will be effected, if I delete my fork.

Reviewer: You can commit them via Github (see the `Commit suggestion` button).

[operator_sdk]: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk
[operator_install]: https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/install-operator-sdk/
[quickstart]: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/website/content/en/docs/kubebuilder/quickstart.md#implement-the-controller

> [certmanager]: https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/kubernetes/

Reviewer 2: I am still unable to deploy: 

```shell
$ make deploy IMG=$IMG
/Users/camilamacedo/go/bin/controller-gen "crd:trivialVersions=true" rbac:roleName=manager-role webhook paths="./..." output:crd:artifacts:config=config/crd/bases
cd config/manager && kustomize edit set image controller=quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
kustomize build config/default | kubectl apply -f -
namespace/memcached-operator-system unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/memcacheds.cache.example.com configured
mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/memcached-operator-mutating-webhook-configuration configured
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-leader-election-role unchanged
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-manager-role configured
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-proxy-role unchanged
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-metrics-reader unchanged
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-leader-election-rolebinding unchanged
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-manager-rolebinding unchanged
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-proxy-rolebinding unchanged
service/memcached-operator-controller-manager-metrics-service unchanged
service/memcached-operator-webhook-service unchanged
deployment.apps/memcached-operator-controller-manager unchanged
certificate.cert-manager.io/memcached-operator-serving-cert unchanged
issuer.cert-manager.io/memcached-operator-selfsigned-issuer unchanged
validatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/memcached-operator-validating-webhook-configuration configured
kubectl create -f config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml -n memcached-operator-system 
Error from server (InternalError): error when creating "config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml": Internal error occurred: failed calling webhook "mmemcached.kb.io": Post https://memcached-operator-webhook-service.memcached-operator-system.svc:443/mutate-cache-example-com-v1alpha1-memcached?timeout=30s: dial tcp 10.98.31.60:443: connect: connection refused
make: [Makefile:47: deploy] Error 1 (ignored)
```

See that I have the cert-manager: 

```
$ kubectl get pods --namespace cert-manager
NAME                                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
cert-manager-7747db9d88-s496m             1/1     Running   0          14m
cert-manager-cainjector-87c85c6ff-t5k4f   1/1     Running   0          14m
cert-manager-webhook-64dc9fff44-gzb2c     1/1     Running   0          14m
```

Author: HI @camilamacedo86 I have noticed this error when I have deployed right after work I installed `cert-manager`, Can you run `make deploy` step again in your cluster?

Reviewer 2: Hi @bharathi-tenneti,

I followed the steps to check the cert-manager in the doc:https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/kubernetes/#verifying-the-installation. also, I indeed tested from a minikube with a new VM just to check that. See: 

```
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2020-06-29T16:39:33Z
    Message:               Certificate is up to date and has not expired
    Reason:                Ready
    Status:                True
    Type:                  Ready
  Not After:               2020-09-27T16:39:32Z
Events:
  Type    Reason        Age   From          Message
  ----    ------        ----  ----          -------
  Normal  GeneratedKey  6s    cert-manager  Generated a new private key
  Normal  Requested     6s    cert-manager  Created new CertificateRequest resource "selfsigned-cert-504566127"
  Normal  Issued        5s    cert-manager  Certificate issued successfully
```

Following the full steps: 
```
 $ kubectl apply --validate=false -f https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/releases/download/v0.15.1/cert-manager.yaml
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/issuers.cert-manager.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/orders.acme.cert-manager.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/certificaterequests.cert-manager.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/certificates.cert-manager.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/challenges.acme.cert-manager.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/clusterissuers.cert-manager.io created
namespace/cert-manager created
serviceaccount/cert-manager-cainjector created
serviceaccount/cert-manager created
serviceaccount/cert-manager-webhook created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-cainjector created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-orders created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-challenges created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-edit created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-view created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-certificates created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-issuers created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-cainjector created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-orders created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-certificates created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-challenges created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-issuers created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-cainjector:leaderelection created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager:leaderelection created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-webhook:dynamic-serving created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-cainjector:leaderelection created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager:leaderelection created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cert-manager-webhook:dynamic-serving created
service/cert-manager created
service/cert-manager-webhook created
deployment.apps/cert-manager-cainjector created
deployment.apps/cert-manager created
deployment.apps/cert-manager-webhook created
mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/cert-manager-webhook created
validatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/cert-manager-webhook created
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $   kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
>     --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
>     --user=$(gcloud config get-value core/account)
-bash: gcloud: command not found
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin-binding created
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ kubectl get pods --namespace cert-manager
NAME                                      READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
cert-manager-7747db9d88-5thnp             0/1     ContainerCreating   0          17s
cert-manager-cainjector-87c85c6ff-2pwqb   1/1     Running             0          17s
cert-manager-webhook-64dc9fff44-sw76t     0/1     Running             0          17s
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ cat <<EOF > test-resources.yaml
> apiVersion: v1
> kind: Namespace
> metadata:
>   name: cert-manager-test
> ---
> apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
> kind: Issuer
> metadata:
>   name: test-selfsigned
>   namespace: cert-manager-test
> spec:
>   selfSigned: {}
> ---
> apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
> kind: Certificate
> metadata:
>   name: selfsigned-cert
>   namespace: cert-manager-test
> spec:
>   dnsNames:
>     - example.com
>   secretName: selfsigned-cert-tls
>   issuerRef:
>     name: test-selfsigned
> EOF
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ cat <<EOF > test-resources.yaml
> apiVersion: v1
> kind: Namespace
> metadata:
>   name: cert-manager-test
> ---
> apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
> kind: Issuer
> metadata:
>   name: test-selfsigned
>   namespace: cert-manager-test
> spec:
>   selfSigned: {}
> ---
> apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
> kind: Certificate
> metadata:
>   name: selfsigned-cert
>   namespace: cert-manager-test
> spec:
>   dnsNames:
>     - example.com
>   secretName: selfsigned-cert-tls
>   issuerRef:
>     name: test-selfsigned
> EOF
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ kubectl apply -f test-resources.yaml
namespace/cert-manager-test created
issuer.cert-manager.io/test-selfsigned created
certificate.cert-manager.io/selfsigned-cert created
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ kubectl describe certificate -n cert-manager-test
Name:         selfsigned-cert
Namespace:    cert-manager-test
Labels:       <none>
Annotations:  API Version:  cert-manager.io/v1alpha3
Kind:         Certificate
Metadata:
  Creation Timestamp:  2020-06-29T16:39:32Z
  Generation:          1
  Managed Fields:
    API Version:  cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
    Fields Type:  FieldsV1
    fieldsV1:
      f:metadata:
        f:annotations:
          .:
          f:kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration:
      f:spec:
        .:
        f:dnsNames:
        f:issuerRef:
          .:
          f:name:
        f:secretName:
    Manager:      kubectl
    Operation:    Update
    Time:         2020-06-29T16:39:32Z
    API Version:  cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
    Fields Type:  FieldsV1
    fieldsV1:
      f:status:
        .:
        f:conditions:
        f:notAfter:
    Manager:         controller
    Operation:       Update
    Time:            2020-06-29T16:39:33Z
  Resource Version:  751
  Self Link:         /apis/cert-manager.io/v1alpha3/namespaces/cert-manager-test/certificates/selfsigned-cert
  UID:               bd0803b1-4f4d-44b6-a1bc-6bdae3eb411b
Spec:
  Dns Names:
    example.com
  Issuer Ref:
    Name:       test-selfsigned
  Secret Name:  selfsigned-cert-tls
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2020-06-29T16:39:33Z
    Message:               Certificate is up to date and has not expired
    Reason:                Ready
    Status:                True
    Type:                  Ready
  Not After:               2020-09-27T16:39:32Z
Events:
  Type    Reason        Age   From          Message
  ----    ------        ----  ----          -------
  Normal  GeneratedKey  6s    cert-manager  Generated a new private key
  Normal  Requested     6s    cert-manager  Created new CertificateRequest resource "selfsigned-cert-504566127"
  Normal  Issued        5s    cert-manager  Certificate issued successfully
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ make manifests
/Users/camilamacedo/go/bin/controller-gen "crd:trivialVersions=true" rbac:roleName=manager-role webhook paths="./..." output:crd:artifacts:config=config/crd/bases
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ make install
/Users/camilamacedo/go/bin/controller-gen "crd:trivialVersions=true" rbac:roleName=manager-role webhook paths="./..." output:crd:artifacts:config=config/crd/bases
kustomize build config/crd | kubectl apply -f -
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/memcacheds.cache.example.com created
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ export IMG=quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ make docker-build IMG=$IMG
/Users/camilamacedo/go/bin/controller-gen object:headerFile="hack/boilerplate.go.txt" paths="./..."
go fmt ./...
go vet ./...
/Users/camilamacedo/go/bin/controller-gen "crd:trivialVersions=true" rbac:roleName=manager-role webhook paths="./..." output:crd:artifacts:config=config/crd/bases
go test ./... -coverprofile cover.out
?   	github.com/example-inc/memcached-operator	[no test files]
?   	github.com/example-inc/memcached-operator/api/v1alpha1	[no test files]
ok  	github.com/example-inc/memcached-operator/controllers	8.523s	coverage: 0.0% of statements
docker build . -t quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
Sending build context to Docker daemon  138.8kB
Step 1/14 : FROM golang:1.13 as builder
 ---> e025aa1816e5
Step 2/14 : WORKDIR /workspace
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 2dbf60dd90b2
Step 3/14 : COPY go.mod go.mod
 ---> Using cache
 ---> f48fdd6a0100
Step 4/14 : COPY go.sum go.sum
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 1c7cb9d770a2
Step 5/14 : RUN go mod download
 ---> Using cache
 ---> b526edbeb55f
Step 6/14 : COPY main.go main.go
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 78d88297b885
Step 7/14 : COPY api/ api/
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 73ff09442be1
Step 8/14 : COPY controllers/ controllers/
 ---> Using cache
 ---> e9d8a0c89bb5
Step 9/14 : RUN CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 GO111MODULE=on go build -a -o manager main.go
 ---> Using cache
 ---> e98d94687f93
Step 10/14 : FROM gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot
 ---> 52ed073f70ec
Step 11/14 : WORKDIR /
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 05748550f267
Step 12/14 : COPY --from=builder /workspace/manager .
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 9d98958da419
Step 13/14 : USER nonroot:nonroot
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 2938e16428ff
Step 14/14 : ENTRYPOINT ["/manager"]
 ---> Using cache
 ---> 5594b6a1812d
Successfully built 5594b6a1812d
Successfully tagged quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ make docker-push IMG=$IMG
docker push quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
The push refers to repository [quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator]
cfe9b12364de: Layer already exists 
84ff92691f90: Layer already exists 
42a3027eaac1: Layer already exists 
v0.0.1: digest: sha256:7cc9d157b60c8931f757c04e949b6068f4ca5832f4bbf7dbf471b51801772b63 size: 945
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ make deploy IMG=$IMG
/Users/camilamacedo/go/bin/controller-gen "crd:trivialVersions=true" rbac:roleName=manager-role webhook paths="./..." output:crd:artifacts:config=config/crd/bases
cd config/manager && kustomize edit set image controller=quay.io/camilamacedo86/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
kustomize build config/default | kubectl apply -f -
namespace/memcached-operator-system created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/memcacheds.cache.example.com configured
mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/memcached-operator-mutating-webhook-configuration created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-leader-election-role created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-manager-role created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-proxy-role created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-metrics-reader created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-leader-election-rolebinding created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-manager-rolebinding created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/memcached-operator-proxy-rolebinding created
service/memcached-operator-controller-manager-metrics-service created
service/memcached-operator-webhook-service created
deployment.apps/memcached-operator-controller-manager created
certificate.cert-manager.io/memcached-operator-serving-cert created
issuer.cert-manager.io/memcached-operator-selfsigned-issuer created
validatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/memcached-operator-validating-webhook-configuration created
kubectl create -f config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml -n memcached-operator-system 
Error from server (InternalError): error when creating "config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml": Internal error occurred: failed calling webhook "mmemcached.kb.io": Post https://memcached-operator-webhook-service.memcached-operator-system.svc:443/mutate-cache-example-com-v1alpha1-memcached?timeout=30s: dial tcp 10.101.161.155:443: connect: connection refused
make: [Makefile:47: deploy] Error 1 (ignored)
camilamacedo@Camilas-MacBook-Pro ~/go/src/github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/go/kubebuilder/memcached-operator (upgrade-go) $ 
```

Reviewer 2: yep. Solved.
